
# Advent of Code 2023 - Rust Learning Journey

This repository contains my solutions for the Advent of Code 2023 challenges.
The primary goal for this year is not just to solve the problems but to learn
how to think like a Rust coder. I use the solutions from
[0xdf](https://gitlab.com/0xdf/aoc2023) as a reference to aid my learning
process.

## About Advent of Code

Advent of Code is an annual programming event that takes place in December.
Each day, a new coding puzzle is released, and participants are encouraged to
solve it using their programming skills. The challenges range from simple to
complex and cover various programming concepts and algorithms.

## Why Rust?

I have chosen Rust as the programming language for solving the Advent of Code
challenges because it offers a unique combination of performance, safety, and
expressiveness. Rust's strict compile-time checks and memory safety features
help me write reliable and efficient code. Additionally, Rust's modern syntax
and powerful standard library make it an excellent choice for tackling
algorithmic problems.

## Repository Structure

The repository is organized by days, with each day's challenge having its own
directory. Inside each directory, you will find the Rust source code files for
the corresponding challenge. The solutions are implemented with a focus on
understanding Rust concepts, following best practices, and adhering to
idiomatic Rust coding style.

## Running the Solutions

To run the solutions, ensure that you have Rust installed on your system. Then,
navigate to the specific day's directory and use the following command:

```bash
cargo run
```

This command will compile and execute the Rust code, providing the output or
result of the challenge. Additionally, each day's directory may contain input
files or additional instructions necessary to solve the challenge.

## Contribution and Feedback

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to
open an issue or submit a pull request. I appreciate any feedback that can help
me enhance my understanding of Rust and improve my coding skills.

## Disclaimer

Please note that the solutions provided in this repository are my own and may
not be the most optimal or efficient solutions. They are primarily meant for
learning and exploration purposes. If you are participating in Advent of Code,
I encourage you to attempt the challenges yourself before consulting external
solutions.

Happy coding and enjoy Advent of Code 2023!
